README.md, before:

# SHOP UI React-Native Template with Native Base

## Introduction

> A creative and modern clothes shopping app design for react-native using the native-base UI components.
It works well with both IOS and Android.


## Availables pages

> This is the list of the availables pages with this source code:
* [Home](./src/page/Home.js)
* [Shop](./src/page/Category.js)
* [Single product](./src/page/Product.js)
* [Product gallery](./src/page/ImageGallery.js)
* [Cart](./src/page/Cart.js)
* [Search](./src/page/Search.js)
* [WishList](./src/page/WishList.js)
* [Newsletter](./src/page/Newsletter.js)
* [Contact](./src/page/Contact.js)
* [Find us (A map)](./src/page/Map.js)
* [Login](./src/page/Login.js)/[Sign up](./src/page/Signup.js)
* [Payment](./src/page/Checkout.js)

### Coming Soon
* Profile


## Installation

> Follow these steps to install and test the app:

```
git clone git@github.com:ATF19/react-native-shop-ui.git
cd react-native-shop-ui
npm install
```

> For iOS users:

```
react-native run-ios
```

> For Android users

```
react-native run-android
```

## Download a demo

> You can download the demo APK by [Clicking here](https://www.dropbox.com/s/42l8vvq61xx6bzh/shop.apk "Download Shop APK")

## Screenshots

Click [here](screenshots/README.md)

## Documentation

> ### Coming soon

## Contact

> If you have any problem you can contact me at: **atef.najar@icloud.com**

Commit message:

Update Documentation section
- Add a blurb on how to update the codebase
- Add a blurb on how to contribute to the main repository

README.md, after:

# SHOP UI React-Native Template with Native Base

## Introduction

> A creative and modern clothes shopping app design for react-native using the native-base UI components.
It works well with both IOS and Android.


## Availables pages

> This is the list of the availables pages with this source code:
* [Home](./src/page/Home.js)
* [Shop](./src/page/Category.js)
* [Single product](./src/page/Product.js)
* [Product gallery](./src/page/ImageGallery.js)
* [Cart](./src/page/Cart.js)
* [Search](./src/page/Search.js)
* [WishList](./src/page/WishList.js)
* [Newsletter](./src/page/Newsletter.js)
* [Contact](./src/page/Contact.js)
* [Find us (A map)](./src/page/Map.js)
* [Login](./src/page/Login.js)/[Sign up](./src/page/Signup.js)
* [Payment](./src/page/Checkout.js)

### Coming Soon
* Profile


## Installation

> Follow these steps to install and test the app:

```
git clone git@github.com:ATF19/react-native-shop-ui.git
cd react-native-shop-ui
npm install
```

> For iOS users:

```
react-native run-ios
```

> For Android users

```
react-native run-android
```

## Download a demo

> You can download the demo APK by [Clicking here](https://www.dropbox.com/s/42l8vvq61xx6bzh/shop.apk "Download Shop APK")

## Screenshots

Click [here](screenshots/README.md)

## Documentation

Updating the codebase will require changes to the `.js` files in the [src/](./src/) folder. Individual pages can be edited by editing the `.js` files in [src/page/](./src/page/). Re-usable components can be edited by editing the `.js` files in [src/component/](./src/component/).

To contribute your changes to the main repository, create a pull request from your fork [here](https://github.com/ATF19/react-native-shop-ui/compare?expand=1) (click the `compare across forks` link make your repository the source repository)

## Contact

> If you have any problem you can contact me at: **atef.najar@icloud.com**
